[DOC] Add new doc for grok processor (#5019)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ingest-pipelines/processors/grok.md

The following is the syntax for the `grok` processor: 

```json
{
  "grok": {
    "field": "your_message",
    "patterns": ["your_patterns"]
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

## Grok patterns

The Grok processor is based on the [`java-grok`](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/io.krakens/java-grok) library and supports all compatible patterns. The `java-grok` library is built using the [`java.util.regex`](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/regex/package-summary.html) regular expression library.

You can add custom patterns to your pipelines using the `patterns_definitions` parameter. When debugging custom patterns, the [Grok Debugger](https://grokdebugger.com/) can help you test and debug grok patterns before using them in your [ingest pipelines]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/ingest-apis/index/).

> 

Author: Is the Grok Constructor available with OpenSearch? Or is this an Elastic feature only?

Reviewer: Which Grok Constructor are you referring to?

Author: NA

The following is an example of how to include a custom pattern in your configuration. In this example, `MY_CUSTOM_PATTERN` is defined and subsequently used in the `patterns` list, which tells grok to look for this pattern in the log message. The pattern is a regular expression that matches any sequence of alphanumeric characters and captures the matched characters into the `my_field`.

```json
{
   "processors":[
      {
         "grok":{
            "field":"message",
            "patterns":[
               "%{MY_CUSTOM_PATTERN:my_field}"
            ],
            "pattern_definitions":{
               "MY_CUSTOM_PATTERN":"([a-zA-Z0-9]+)"
            }
         }
      }
   ]
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> ## Tracing which patterns matched

Author: @heemin32 Please confirm this change is technically accurate. Thanks!

Reviewer: technically correct but not a good example for trace_match option because there is only one pattern and the `_grok_match_index` value will be always 0 when it is matched.

Author: @heemin32 Do you have an example?

Reviewer: Try to run this command. This will match the second pattern and _grok_match_index value will be 1
```
PUT _ingest/pipeline/log_line
{
  "description": "Extract fields from a log line",
  "processors": [
    {
      "grok": {
        "field": "message",
        "patterns": ["%{HTTPDATE:timestamp} %{IPORHOST:clientip}", "%{IPORHOST:clientip} %{HTTPDATE:timestamp} %{NUMBER:response_status:int}"],
        "trace_match": true
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

Author: Worked. Thank you.

{
  "docs": [
    {
      "doc": {
        "_index": "_index",
        "_id": "_id",
        "_source": {
          "message": "127.0.0.1 198.126.12 10/Oct/2000:13:55:36 -0700 200",
          "response_status": 200,
          "clientip": "198.126.12",
          "timestamp": "10/Oct/2000:13:55:36 -0700"
        },
        "_ingest": {
          "_grok_match_index": "1",
          "timestamp": "2023-11-02T18:48:40.455619084Z"
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}

The `grok` processor is built on the [Oniguruma regular expression library](https://github.com/kkos/oniguruma/blob/master/doc/RE) and supports all the patterns from that library. You can us the [Grok Debugger](https://grokdebugger.com/) tool to test and debug your grok expressions.

## Grok processor syntax

The following is the basic syntax for the `grok` processor: 

```json
{
  "grok": {
    "field": "your_message",
    "patterns": ["your_patterns"]
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

## Configuration parameters

To configure the `grok` processor, you have various options that allow you to define patterns, match specific keys, and control the processor's behavior. The following table lists the required and optional parameters for the `grok` processor.

Parameter | Required | Description |
|-----------|-----------|-----------|
`field`  | Required  | The name of the field to which the data should be parsed. |

> `patterns`  | Required  | A list of grok expressions used to match and extract named captures. The first expression in the list that matches is returned. | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`patterns`  | Required  | A list of grok expressions used to match and extract named captures. The first matching expression in the list is returned. | 
```

```json
POST _ingest/pipeline/log_line/_simulate
{
  "docs": [
    {
      "_source": {
        "message": "127.0.0.1 198.126.12 10/Oct/2000:13:55:36 -0700 200"
      }
    }
  ]
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

#### Response

The following response confirms that the pipeline is working as expected:

```json
{
  "docs": [
    {
      "doc": {
        "_index": "_index",
        "_id": "_id",
        "_source": {
          "message": "127.0.0.1 198.126.12 10/Oct/2000:13:55:36 -0700 200",
          "response_status": 200,
          "clientip": "198.126.12",
          "timestamp": "10/Oct/2000:13:55:36 -0700"
        },
        "_ingest": {
          "timestamp": "2023-09-13T21:41:52.064540505Z"
        }
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

**Step 3: Ingest a document.**

The following query ingests a document into an index named `testindex1`:

```json
PUT testindex1/_doc/1?pipeline=log_line
{
  "message": "127.0.0.1 198.126.12 10/Oct/2000:13:55:36 -0700 200"
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

**Step 4 (Optional): Retrieve the document.**

To retrieve the document, run the following query:

```json
GET testindex1/_doc/1
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

## Grok patterns

> You can use default patterns, or you can add custom patterns to your pipelines using the `patterns_definitions` parameter. The [Grok Debugger](https://grokdebugger.com/) can help you test and debug grok patterns before using them in your [ingest pipelines]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/ingest-apis/index/). The [Grok Constructor](https://grokconstructor.appspot.com/) can help you test and construct regular expressions for the Grok filter that parses logfile lines in [Logstash](/tools/logstash/index/). 

Reviewer: I am not sure if this is correct. Please verify that grokdebugger and grokconstructor works exactly same way as it works in OpenSearch. Also, this is grok processor but the sentence is talking about Grok filter: "can help you test and construct regular expressions for the Grok filter"

Author: Deleted text
